README.md, before:

# team-treehouse-projects
For all my Team Treehouse learnings and minor projects. No biggie.  
  
## Projects:  
**Python**:  
  to-do-list - creates a .txt document with indented list of things to do.   
    - learn to open, append and save a .txt file  
    - indent list  
    
  diy-number-game - you have 5 guesses to guess the number the computer is thinking of  
    - start a game loop  
    - use user input to respond  
    - use python inbuilt functions like random  
    - import python library  
    
  reverse-number-game - you think of a number, and the computer has 5 guesses to get it right  
    - to improve guessing based on previous response  
    - to respond to user input and give feedback  
    - create game loop  
    
  word-game - classic hangman but automatic  
    - respond to user input and update guesses  
    - clear screen using sys and os library  
    
  rock-paper-scissors - two-player rock/paper/scissors results generator  
    - create infinite game loop to be broken by user  
    - account for all possible input responses by user  
    
  dungeon-game - player attempts to escape, or is eaten by monster  
    - unpacking of tuples  
    - visual mapping using python functions  
    - clear screen function  
    - really long arduous practice on breaking problem codes down  
  password-generator - user requests for password, and can pick weak or strong ones  
    - strings are really fun and cool  
    - really utilises random.choice() and randrange functions  
  nyt-decoder - generates titles on New York Times' frontpage  
    - uses BeautifulSoup and requests libraries    
    - learn to install libraries and read documentation (somewhat)  
    - basic understanding of html documents

Commit message:

added cows-and-bulls and updated readme

README.md, after:

# team-treehouse-projects
For all my Team Treehouse learnings and minor projects. No biggie.  
  
## Projects:  
**Python**:  
  to-do-list - creates a .txt document with indented list of things to do.   
    - learn to open, append and save a .txt file  
    - indent list  
    
  diy-number-game - you have 5 guesses to guess the number the computer is thinking of  
    - start a game loop  
    - use user input to respond  
    - use python inbuilt functions like random  
    - import python library  
    
  reverse-number-game - you think of a number, and the computer has 5 guesses to get it right  
    - to improve guessing based on previous response  
    - to respond to user input and give feedback  
    - create game loop  
    
  word-game - classic hangman but automatic  
    - respond to user input and update guesses  
    - clear screen using sys and os library  
    
  rock-paper-scissors - two-player rock/paper/scissors results generator  
    - create infinite game loop to be broken by user  
    - account for all possible input responses by user  
    
  dungeon-game - player attempts to escape, or is eaten by monster  
    - unpacking of tuples  
    - visual mapping using python functions  
    - clear screen function  
    - really long arduous practice on breaking problem codes down  
  password-generator - user requests for password, and can pick weak or strong ones  
    - strings are really fun and cool  
    - really utilises random.choice() and randrange functions  
  nyt-decoder - generates titles on New York Times' frontpage  
    - uses BeautifulSoup and requests libraries    
    - learn to install libraries and read documentation (somewhat)  
    - basic understanding of html documents  
  cows-and-bulls - generates number to be guessed by user  
    - user random generator  
    - practise string index-by-index comparison
